

Application Name :

                  E-KRUSHI SEVA
     
        This application is made for Farmers .  With the help of this application farmers find solution on the  Plant Diseases.

  Also farmers purchase various pestisides,seeds,fertilizers  as per his requirements.
        
        Using this application farmers check availability of various products in the Krushi Seva Shop.The Farmers can make 

  online payment anyhwhere anytime.This application save time of farmers. We help farmers to make more informed decisions

  and focus on precision farming.We helps farmers to reduce their total production cost and increase their quality yield. 

  All the problems of farmers related to the crop is taken care by a dedicated Call centre , which guides the farmers in

 all the stages of the crop , right to the crop is taken care by a dedicated Call centre , which guides the farmers in all

 the stages of the crop , right guidance from Agri-Experts not only boosts farmers knowledge , but also helps increasing his

 income , intern increasing guidance the national productivity , making farmer happy and satisfied . For the eKrushiseva have 

 implemented a Toll free number and also a farmer chat facility , wherein farmers can be in continuous touch with the agri-experts .
 
  
 
   various problems of farmers :
   
      The farmer loss his time due to offline purchasing products of farming because he went to krushi shop.
   
      when the farmer goes to shop that time there is not availability of product as per his requirements at 
      
      that time the farmer waste his time.
   
      The farmer can not spraying his crops at proper time.
   
      The farmer can not give fertilizers to his farm at proper time.
   
      The farmer not getting proper guidence for his farming.
   
      Due to all this reasons farmers cannot take proper care of his farming.

     

      For solving this problem we make krushi seva app.



    Benefits :
    
    1.The farmers saves time because he is not going to the shop. 
    
    2.The farmers can order products at proper time.
    
    3.The Farmer can order product anytime anywhere.
    
    4.This application sends a copy of bill to the farmer mobile no. and whatsapp no.


    contains :
    
    Farmer: 
    id ,  name , contact no. , Email Id , credit 
     
    stock database:
    
   
    Seeds:
    id , seed name , company name,  available quantity , price per unit

    Pesticide: 
    id , pesticide name ,company name, available quantity  ,price per unit 

    Fertilizer:
    id, fertilizer name ,  company name, available quantity  ,price per unit
   
    order database:
    
    orderId , farmer name , product name , datetime

    Home Page -
    
    Farmer registration:
       
      When farmer registration is done then farmers can order his products(seeds , fertilizer , pesticides)
       
       otherwise the farmer cannot order product.

    In this page 3 options are available 1.Seeds
                                         2.Pesticides
                                         3.Fertilizers
    
    Working : 
    when we open this application it shows seeds, pesticides , micronutrients , fertilizers , organic products ,
    
    agriculture equipment ,enquiry(guidence)

    When the Farmers click on as per his requirement then the farmer can see about this product are available in our shop.

    In this application online shopping of farming products is available.it gives  home delivary to farmers.
    
    when farmers done online payment that time farmer get discount.
    
    when farmer purchase product on credit that time it cannot get discount and home delivary.

    when purchasing product(seed,fertilizer,pestisides)and payment process is done then text messege and whatsapp msg will sent
   
    on farmer mobile number.













