



   1) As a farmer, I need to authenticate myself, so that I can see my account details.
   2)As a farmer, I want to submit feedback, so that the shop owner can consider my opinion related  to krushi products and consulting.
   3)As a farmer , I want to ask queries related farming , so that I can get feedback on issues.
   4)As a shop owner , I want to see dashboard, so that I can evaluate consultant performance.
   5)As a sign-in user, I want to view a list of krushi products, so that I can select some to purchase.
   6)As a sign-in user, I want to  view list of krushi products cart, so that I can assure it before the order.
   7)As a farmer, I want to create an account, save my payment information, so that I can have a personalized shopping experience.
   8)As a farmer, I want to view my order history, so that I can  easily track my purchases.
   9)As a farmer, I want to view product details, including images, descriptions, prices, so that I can make informed purchasing decisions.
   10)As a shop owner, I want to manage my krushi product inventory, update product details, so that I can effectively manage my online krushi store.
   11)As a shop owner,I want to track sales and revenue so that I can make data-driven decisions about my business.
   12)As a SubjectMatterExperts , I want to see queries related farming, so that i will solve it anytime anywhere.
   13)As a user ,I want to reset password  so that I can ensure the security of my account.
   14)As a farmer ,I want to see status of my order (processing, shipped, delivered) so that I am aware of its progress.
   15)As a farmer ,I want to search categorywise krushi products so that I can find krushi products easily .
   16)As a seller, I want to edit details of agree products so that I can make necesary correction or updates.
   17)As a seller , I want to option the remove products so that I can maintain accurate records and data. 
   18)As a farmer ,I want to view a dashboard that displays graphical representations of my monthly, yearly, and weekly orders so that I can check my orders information.
   19)As a farmer, I want to add products in my cart so that they can continue shopping,then complete the checkout process later on in the process.
   20)As a seller, I want to create new categories of products and assign products to these categories so that I can maintain new krushi products.
   21)As a seller, I want check orders of farmer so that I can diliver it within time.
   22)As a krushi owner, I want to see revenue charts based on specific time(yearly,quarterly,monthly,weekly)so that I can analyze my income.
   23)As a end user, I want to register myself so that I can access application features.
   24)As a sign-in user,I want to login using my mobile number and password so that I can access my account.
   25)As a SubjectMatterExperts,I want to view graphical representations of my monthly, yearly, and weekly question answers information
      so that it helps me to chek my performance.
   26)As a shop owner,  I want to add new seller so that I can manage my application.
   27)As a subjectMatterExperts, I want to view a dashboard that displays graphical representations of my monthly, yearly, and weekly answers so that I can check my answers information.
   28)As a farmer, I want to update products quantity in carts so that I can order accurate quantity.
   29)As a farmer, I want to remove krushi Products from my cart so that I can manage my cart list.
   30)As a seller, I want to create new categories of questions and assign questions to these categories so that I can maintain new questions. 
   31)As a buyer, I want to store my credit card information in the app so I make my next purchases fast.
   32)As a visitor,I want to register on the website so that I can browse and buy listed products from the krushi application.
   33)As a Registered user, I want to be able to buy listed products, so that I can use the product I buy.
   34)As a farmer,I want to search for agri experts so that I can choose specialist for my query.
   35)As a shop owner,I want to easily compare prices and read reviews so that I can make informed purchasing decisions.
   36)As a shop owner,I want to be able to see farmer reviews for products so that I can make more informed purchasing decisions.
   37)As a farmer,I want to review my cart so that I can make adjustment prior to checkout.
   38)As a registered user, I want to be able to login to my account so that I can access my saved information.
   39)As a registered user, I want to update my profile information so that it can accurate and up to date.
   40)As a registered user, I want to be securely entered my payment information and complete my purchase so that I can buy the products I want.
   41)As a farmer ,I want to purchase required amount of products so that I can saves my time.
   42)As a farmer, I want to view different answers of particular question in my question so that I can get many solutions.
   43)As a farmer, I want to remove questions in my question so that I can manage my question list.
   44)As a seller, I want to add new agri products categories so that I can manage my application.
   45)As a farmer, I want to view my bill so that I can pay.
   46)As a farmer, I want to buy agri equipment so that I can do precision farming.
   47)As a sign-in-user, I want to view my profile so that I check my personal information.






